Stripe updates (#59)
fivetran/dbt_stripe_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_stripe_source v0.9.0

## 🎉 Feature Updates 🎉: 
- Added the Union ability to allow for multiple Stripe connectors. The new `source_relation` column in each staging model will specify where each record comes from. For more information please see the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source#unioning-multiple-stripe-connectors) [#33](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source/issues/33)
- Added new `price` source table
- Added additional fields to the following models: `stg_stripe__charge`, `stg_stripe__invoice` [#53](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source/issues/53), `stg_stripe__invoice_line_item`,`stg_stripe__payment_method_card`, `stg_stripe__refund`, `stg_stripe__subscription`
<!-- - Allow for individual tables to be disabled [#54](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source/issues/54) -->

## 🚨 Breaking Changes 🚨:

> - Variable names have been updated to contain the `stripe` prefix, allowing you to configure global variables while only affecting the Stripe package. 

Author: Good point

> - `stg_stripe__plan` has been changed to `stg_stripe__pricing`. Following Stripe's migration from the `Plan` object to the `Price` object ([Stripe doc here.](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/migration/migrating-prices)), we have added a new variable `stripe__price` and macro `does_table_exist` that checks if the `price` table exists. If you are using the `price` table, there is no change needed on your end. If you are still using `plan`, you can set `stripe__price` to False. For more please see the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source#leveraging-plan-vs-price-sources)

Reviewer: Reading your update it sounds like we are now recommending customers to use the `plan` object?

> However, if you still have and wish to keep using `plan` which we recommend, you can set `stripe__price` to False.

I would suggest we say something along the lines of "However, if you wish to continue using the `plan` table then you may set the `stripe__price` variable to `false`."

> - `stg_stripe__plan` has been changed to `stg_stripe__pricing`. Following Stripe's migration from the `Plan` object to the `Price` object ([Stripe doc here.](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/migration/migrating-prices)), we have added a new variable `stripe__price` and macro `does_table_exist` that checks if the `price` table exists. If you are using the `price` table, there is no change needed on your end. If you are still using `plan`, you can set `stripe__price` to False. For more please see the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source#leveraging-plan-vs-price-sources)

Reviewer: @fivetran-reneeli bump that it doesn't look like this comment was addressed.

> - `stg_stripe__plan` has been changed to `stg_stripe__pricing`. Following Stripe's migration from the `Plan` object to the `Price` object ([Stripe doc here.](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/migration/migrating-prices)), we have added a new variable `stripe__price` and macro `does_table_exist` that checks if the `price` table exists. If you are using the `price` table, there is no change needed on your end. If you are still using `plan`, you can set `stripe__price` to False. For more please see the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source#leveraging-plan-vs-price-sources)

Author: updated

# dbt_stripe_source v0.9.0

[PR #59](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source/pull/59) contains the following changes:
## 🎉 Feature Updates 🎉: 
- Added the Union ability to allow for multiple Stripe connectors. The new `source_relation` column in each staging model will specify where each record comes from. For more information please see the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source#unioning-multiple-stripe-connectors) [#33](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source/issues/33)
- Added new `price` source table in addition to new `stripe__using_price` variable. Stripe migrated the Plan API to Price API (for more information, refer to their [docs](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/migration/migrating-prices)) so we recommend using the price table. The `stripe__using_price` variable and `does_table_exist` macro checks to see if you are indeed using the `price` table. If you plan on using the `plan` table instead you may toggle this to False. For more information on how to configure, refer to the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source#leveraging-plan-vs-price-sources). 

> - Added additional fields to the following models: `stg_stripe__charge`, `stg_stripe__invoice` [#53](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source/issues/53), `stg_stripe__invoice_line_item`,`stg_stripe__payment_method_card`, `stg_stripe__refund`, `stg_stripe__subscription`.

Reviewer: We don't need to reference the original issue here.
```suggestion
- Added additional fields to the following models: `stg_stripe__charge`, `stg_stripe__invoice`, `stg_stripe__invoice_line_item`,`stg_stripe__payment_method_card`, `stg_stripe__refund`, `stg_stripe__subscription`.
```

> ## 🚨 Breaking Changes 🚨:

Reviewer: Let's make the breaking change be first. This way they are at the top of the list and people migrating will know right away.

Author: good point, moved

- Variable names have been updated to contain the `stripe` prefix, allowing you to configure global variables while only affecting the Stripe package. 

| **Previous Name**                          | **New Name**                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|--------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| using_invoices    | stripe__using_invoices
| using_credit_notes | stripe__using_credit_notes
| using_payment_method | stripe__using_payment_method
| using_livemode | stripe__using_livemode
| using_invoice_line_sub_filter | stripe__using_invoice_line_sub_filter
| using_subscriptions | stripe__using_subscriptions
| using_subscription_history | stripe__using_subscription_history

> - `stg_stripe__plan` has been changed to `stg_stripe__price_plan`. Following Stripe's migration from the `Plan` object to the `Price` object ([Stripe doc here.](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/migration/migrating-prices)), we have added a new variable `stripe__using_price` and macro `does_table_exist` that checks if the `price` table exists. This package uses `price` by default if exists. However, if you still have and wish to keep using `plan` which we recommend, you can set `stripe__using_price` to False. For more please see the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source#leveraging-plan-vs-price-sources)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `stg_stripe__plan` has been changed to `stg_stripe__price_plan`. Following Stripe's migration from the `Plan` object to the `Price` object ([Stripe doc here.](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/migration/migrating-prices)), we have added a new variable `stripe__using_price` and macro `does_table_exist` that checks if the `price` table exists. This package uses `price` by default if it exists. However, if you still have and wish to keep using `plan`, you can set `stripe__using_price` to False. For more please see the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source#leveraging-plan-vs-price-sources)
```

Author: updated

> - Stripe connectors set up after February 09, 2022 will use the `subscription_history` table, as they will no longer be syncing the `subscription` table. This package uses `subscription_history` by default if exists. However, if you still have the `subscription` table and wish to use it instead, then set the `stripe__using_subscription_history` to False. For more please see the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source/#leveraging-subscription-vs-subscription-history-sources)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stripe connectors set up after February 09, 2022 will use the `subscription_history` table, as they will no longer be syncing the `subscription` table. This package uses `subscription_history` by default if it exists. However, if you still have the `subscription` table and wish to use it instead, then set the `stripe__using_subscription_history` to False. For more please see the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source/#leveraging-subscription-vs-subscription-history-sources)
```

Author: corrected

## 🚨 Breaking Changes 🚨:
- Variable names have been updated to contain the `stripe` prefix, allowing you to configure global variables while only affecting the Stripe package. 

| **Previous Name**                          | **New Name**                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|--------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| using_invoices    | stripe__using_invoices
| using_credit_notes | stripe__using_credit_notes
| using_payment_method | stripe__using_payment_method
| using_livemode | stripe__using_livemode
| using_invoice_line_sub_filter | stripe__using_invoice_line_sub_filter
| using_subscriptions | stripe__using_subscriptions
| using_subscription_history | stripe__using_subscription_history

> | using_price | stripe__using_price

Reviewer: Did using_price exist before this release? If not, let's denote this as a new field.

Author: Ah you're right-- moved it to the feature add section.

> - `stg_stripe__plan` has been changed to `stg_stripe__pricing`. Following Stripe's migration from the `Plan` object to the `Price` object ([Stripe doc here.](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/migration/migrating-prices)), we have added a new variable `stripe__price` and macro `does_table_exist` that checks if the `price` table exists. This package uses `price` by default if exists. However, if you still have and wish to keep using `plan` which we recommend, you can set `stripe__price` to False. For more please see the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source#leveraging-plan-vs-price-sources)

Reviewer: I think this may have been a variable misspelling. Correct me if I am wrong.

```suggestion
- `stg_stripe__plan` has been changed to `stg_stripe__pricing`. Following Stripe's migration from the `Plan` object to the `Price` object ([Stripe doc here.](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/migration/migrating-prices)), we have added a new variable `stripe__using_price` and macro `does_table_exist` that checks if the `price` table exists. This package uses `price` by default if exists. However, if you still have and wish to keep using `plan` which we recommend, you can set `stripe__using_price` to False. For more please see the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source#leveraging-plan-vs-price-sources)
```

Author: Yep you're right-- fixed! Also updated the staging model name based on what we talked about yesterday.
